# About Sveltest

## Built for Teams, Battle-Tested in Production

Sveltest began as a simple weekend project - just a collection of
testing examples to accompany my blog post about migrating from
`@testing-library/svelte` to `vitest-browser-svelte`. But like the
best side projects, it took on a life of its own.

## From Weekend Project to Production Patterns

What started as basic examples quickly evolved into something much
more comprehensive. As I refined these testing approaches with my team
on a large monorepo, the patterns became more sophisticated, more
battle-tested, and more valuable to share with the broader community.

We're operating at the bleeding edge of Svelte 5 testing - using
`vitest-browser-svelte` in real production environments, discovering
edge cases, and developing patterns that actually work when you scale
them up. These aren't theoretical examples; they're patterns we use
every day to ship reliable software.

The **Client-Server Alignment Strategy** emerged from real production
pain points where heavily mocked tests passed but production failed
due to client-server contract mismatches. This approach ensures your
tests catch the integration issues that matter.

## A Living Documentation Project

Every component, every test, every pattern in Sveltest serves as a
working example. The beautiful site you're browsing? That's just a
delightful side effect of building comprehensive testing examples. The
real value is in the code itself - patterns you can copy, adapt, and
use in your own projects.

## Empowering Teams with AI

One of the most exciting outcomes has been creating comprehensive AI
assistant rules that help entire teams adopt these testing
methodologies. Whether you're using Cursor, Windsurf, or other
AI-powered editors, these rules ensure consistent, high-quality
testing patterns across your team.

## Community-Driven Development

Sveltest is more than just a personal project - it's a **community
resource** built by developers, for developers. The patterns,
examples, and documentation you see here represent collective wisdom
from teams working with Svelte 5 and modern testing tools in
production environments.

### Open Source & Collaborative

The entire project is
[open source on GitHub](https://github.com/spences10/sveltest), where
you can:

- **Contribute new testing patterns** from your own projects
- **Report issues** or suggest improvements
- **Share knowledge** through discussions and examples
- **Help improve documentation** for the community

Every contribution, whether it's a bug report, a new testing example,
or documentation improvement, makes the resource better for everyone
in the Svelte ecosystem.

### Your Testing Patterns Matter

Have you discovered a testing pattern that works well in your project?
Found a better way to test a specific Svelte 5 feature? Encountered an
edge case that others should know about? **Your experience can help
other developers.**

The best testing resources come from real-world usage, and every team
brings unique challenges and solutions. By sharing your patterns and
contributing to the project, you help build the most comprehensive
Svelte testing resource available.

## Why Share This?

The Svelte ecosystem deserves modern, production-ready testing
patterns. Too many teams struggle with testing because the examples
they find are either too simple for real-world use or too complex to
understand. Sveltest bridges that gap.

Every bug we catch in production, every edge case we handle, every
pattern we refine - it all makes its way back into these examples.
This isn't just documentation; it's a living repository of testing
wisdom that evolves with real-world usage.

## Built for the Community

Whether you're a solo developer learning testing patterns, a team lead
establishing standards, or an engineering manager looking for proven
approaches, Sveltest provides the examples and patterns you need.

The code speaks for itself, the tests prove the patterns work, and the
AI rules help your team maintain consistency. This is testing
documentation for the modern web development era.

---

_Sveltest represents the testing patterns and approaches I wish had
existed when I started my Svelte testing journey. Now they're here for
you - and with your contributions, they can be even better for the
next developer._

**Ready to contribute?** Visit the
[GitHub repository](https://github.com/spences10/sveltest) to get
started.
